[docs][writing-style-guide]: Add a guideline to avoid using workflows (#18987)
expo/expo: guides/Expo Documentation Writing Style Guide.md

When a collapsible component has a single item or a paragraph to represent text, do not use a list item (or a bullet point) to emphasize it. It is unnecessary.

### Avoiding using outdated workflows

Avoid mentioning or using the terms to represent outdated/archived workflows: managed or bare workflow.

> To avoid using the term "managed workflow", use "using Expo Prebuild" or "not using Expo Prebuild" to represent the current state of the Expo ecosystem. This is now the default way of explaining things.

Reviewer: @brentvatne has recommended we just list instructions without labeling it as being part of a workflow, and using "manual setup" or "usage in bare React Native" for anything outside of config plugins/prebuild/eas/expo-cli.

> ### Avoiding using outdated workflows
> 
> Avoid mentioning or using the terms to represent outdated/archived workflows: managed or bare workflow.
> 
> To avoid using the term "managed workflow", use "using Expo Prebuild" or "not using Expo Prebuild" to represent the current state of the Expo ecosystem. This is now the default way of explaining things.

Author: ```suggestion
### Avoiding using outdated workflows

Avoid mentioning or using the terms to represent outdated/archived workflows: managed or bare workflow.

For general documentation, use instructions without labeling any kind of workflow. For example, anything that doesn't correspond to Config Plugins, Prebuild, EAS, and Expo CLI, prefer to use terms like "manual setup" or "bare React Native".
```

Author: @EvanBacon, I just updated the context. Let me know if that matches the direction moving forward.

> To avoid using the term "managed workflow", use "using Expo Prebuild" or "not using Expo Prebuild" to represent the current state of the Expo ecosystem. This is now the default way of explaining things.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid using the term "managed workflow", use "using Expo" to represent the current state of the Expo ecosystem. This is now the default way of explaining things.

When offering guidance for projects that require manually editing native code/directories, put those instructions in a drop down saying "manual setup" or "usage in bare React Native projects"
```
